README.md, before:

## Welcome to GitHub Pages

You can use the [editor on GitHub](https://github.com/aalva/aalva.github.io/edit/master/README.md) to maintain and preview the content for your website in Markdown files.

Whenever you commit to this repository, GitHub Pages will run [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) to rebuild the pages in your site, from the content in your Markdown files.

### Markdown

Markdown is a lightweight and easy-to-use syntax for styling your writing. It includes conventions for

```markdown
Syntax highlighted code block

# Header 1
## Header 2
### Header 3

- Bulleted
- List

1. Numbered
2. List

**Bold** and _Italic_ and `Code` text

[Link](url) and ![Image](src)
```

For more details see [GitHub Flavored Markdown](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/).

### Jekyll Themes

Your Pages site will use the layout and styles from the Jekyll theme you have selected in your [repository settings](https://github.com/aalva/aalva.github.io/settings). The name of this theme is saved in the Jekyll `_config.yml` configuration file.

### Support or Contact

Having trouble with Pages? Check out our [documentation](https://help.github.com/categories/github-pages-basics/) or [contact support](https://github.com/contact) and we’ll help you sort it out.

Commit message:

added info to homepage; description to site

README.md, after:

## Aaron Alva | security & privacy researcher (and lawyer)

Aaron Alva is a lawyer (not yours) and hacker who works as a technologist at the Federal Trade Commission's Office of Technology Research and Investigation (OTech). He was a recipient of the NSF CyberCorps scholarship for his MS/JD work at the University of Washington. At the FTC, he explains technical issues to attorneys working on behalf of consumers, and conducts research on areas that impact us all.

Before the FTC, Aaron conducted research on a variety of topics including cloud forensics, digital evidence admissibility, surgical robotics security, and more.

He fights to protect the future in which his daughters will grow, lead, and amaze.

## Experience

**Federal Trade Commission / Technologist** _09/15-present_
- Assist attorneys on technical aspects of security, privacy, and fraud investigations. Substantially contributed to multiple investigations leading to novel security & privacy actions and remedies. Such settlements have amounted to over 38,000 times my annual salary. 
- Conduct technical research on security, privacy, and fraud topics that impact consumers. For example, published research on cross-device tracking has been cited over 50 times and was presented as part of an FTC workshop. 
- Educate attorneys and investigators on i) the latest relevant technical research; ii) investigative techniques for security, privacy, and fraud investigations; iii) foundational technical concepts (e.g. How DNS works); and more. Presentations and techniques have been used to improve decision making and make certain law enforcement investigations more efficient.  

**CyberAware, LLC / Founder** _10/14–09/15_
- Founded company devoted to providing cybersecurity consulting services with a focus on cybersecurity & critical infrastructure policy issues. Successfully completed large project for a Fortune 100 tech company. The client was satisfied with the work completed and noted that my work was beneficial for the client.

06/2014 – 09/2014 | REDMOND, WA
**Microsoft / Trustworthy Computing Intern** _06/14-09/14_
- Provided directed guidance on how the NIST Cybersecurity Framework could be used for Microsoft’s cloud services. Shortly after, Microsoft publicly stated that its cybersecurity risk management practices align with the Framework for its cloud services. 
- Conducted a comprehensive analysis of national cybersecurity strategies that helped inform international cybersecurity policy decisions. Analysis of each strategy yielded a comprehensive mapping of what nations publicly state they plan to do about cybersecurity.

**CERT at Carnegie Mellon University / Graduate Researcher** _06/13-09/13_
_..._

## Education 

**Juris Doctor / University of Washington** _2012-2015_
- Student contributor to UW Tech Policy Lab (founding year)

**M.S. Information Management / University of Washington** _2011-2014_
- Awarded National Science Foundation Scholarship for Service

**B.A. Political Science | Minor Secure Computing / Univ. of Central Florida** _2008-2011_
- Awarded Order of Pegasus (University's highest honor)

### Contact me
[@aalvatar](https://twitter.com/aalvatar)
